no memory I have no pants hey
punch it punch Allah I think you stole
that boy's outfit what makes you say
that
well that bears jebediah Benjamin
Tennyson and you're wearing it pants
of course you don't cause that would be
copyright infringement oh then I guess I
should change the title and get rid of
the guy who knows about it
Jake Lonergan you stole something for me
what do you have to say for yourself I
have no memory
stop fighting something weird is coming
this way how can you tell my little pony
bracelet I sure hope we did the opening
title already we did I don't remember
them something strange about these
ponies they got huge eyes and weird
bogus heads also don't fly doc you're
gonna tell me you don't remember how
either of those things got on your wrist
fraid not any chance you remember that
last Indiana Jones movie that I wish I
could forget yup me too for those silly
bands this is getting weird
those bands don't shoot lasers to do
they don't be crazy they're silly bands
why would they I think a better name
might be shooting bands you ain't dead
no the truth is I'm not human I only
took this form so you'd like me
I appreciate that darling
you're one of them I can't believe I
just guessed a pony I can't believe a
man can own so many bracelets
my name's Applejack but we're not the
ones stealing your people we're here to
find out who's kidnapping us is whale
then who in tarnation is stealing
only one way to find out come on
Applejack let's rock now you tell me
aren't you directing this movie
yes but the script needs work so I keep
kidnapping writers to help me finish I'm
not gonna direct the third one and I'm
like it's a mash-up of two genres they
do it on the head all the time really
good to know nice working with you